	A more intuitive audio-data set would allow for much more information to be available. It would have more 
    data about individuals and the work that they have put into the audio files. FreeDB doesn’t offer anything 
    when it comes to the composers and artists - it is possible to piece it together, but it is not spelled out
    for you. For example, I have Bob Dylan’s Biograph as a FreeDB file downloaded and opened up, but all it 
    provides me is the title. The title of the disc includes Bob Dylan’s name, so I know that it is in fact a 
    Bob Dylan album, but there is not a separate space for crediting the artists. My data set would have such a 
    space.
	There is more to a disc than just the artist, however. Composers are another major component that FreeDB 
    struggles with. When looking at the classical music that we worked with last week, composers were also not
    included and had to be inferred from the titles of the individual tracks. My data set would allow the
    individual tracks to be broken down further, providing a breakdown of composers, track lengths, and titles.
	In addition to including information on composers and artists, I also feel like information about record 
    labels should be included to help with potential copyright issues, and to include a more full credit of the 
    parties involved in the creation and distribution of the files.
	One last piece is the individual titles, which I will include as individual pieces of data, and within 
    those pieces of data include details about their Track Data Offsets, as well as time, dates that they were
    recorded (when known) and any other information that is known.
	FreeDB offers a fair amount of insight into the data that it provides, but it is an old program and is
    unable to provide enough of a thorough data-set. In order to get a lot of data, including things like 
    artists and composers, one has to infer from what is provided. Proper credit is due to those who had a hand 
    n creating the media that is being analyzed. There is a great deal of information that can be included that 
    adds a much more complete picture of the amount of data that is involved in any given disc, and my dataset 
    provides room to add what is missing, and expand upon what is present.
