My audio data set for DIG540's  Week 4's Assignment is a collection of audio e-books with the following data:

Adress: database table with physical location address of publisher, author, or narrator. containing: city, state, zipcode information related to the address. 

address_id: unique database generated primary key for Address database table.  

Book: literary work created by an author(s) and when found in audio ebook form narrated by a narrator.

book_id: unique database generated primary key for Book database table.  

international_standard_book_number:  equal to the Book's International Standard Book Number (ISBN).

title: title of the book or audio e-book.

format: format of the book as digital audio or print.

published_year:   the (4-digit) year, in which the print book or audio e-book was produced in whatever format; 
	it should be empty (not 0) if the user hasn't entered a year.

Genre: this database table contains the type of genre of the book or author in a textual formal name capitalized form. 

genre_id:  primary key for the Genre table an auto produced integer key. 

genre_type:  is the type of genre related to the book or to the author

Language: this database table contains a list of natural languages.

language_id:  primary key for the Language table an auto produced integer key.

natural_language: natural languages associated with the book both in print and audio ebook. 

Contributor:  this data table contains the name of person with role of author of the book in whatever format and or the person with the role of narrator of the audio ebook.

contributor_id:  primary key for the Contributor data table; auto generated integer key.

first_name:  first name of contributor, either author or narrator by role. 

last_name:  last name of contributor, either author or narrator by role.

nationality:  type of nationality of the contributor.

lifespan:  birth and death years of the author (four digit years), death year blank with a still living author.

Publisher:  this database table contains the publishing company that produced the print or audio ebook format of the book.

publisher_id:  primary key for the Publisher data table; auto generated integer key

publisher_name:  Name of company that produces print or audio ebook formats 

publisher_role:  Role of company in the production of print books or audio ebooks, i.e. published print or published digital

city:  physical city name of publisher, author, or narrator location.

state:  physical state name of publisher, author, or narrator location.

zipcode:  zip code of publisher, author, or narrator location.

Book_Contributor:  database table for lookup of book and contributor and contributor and book many to many relationships.

Publisher_Contributor:  database table for lookup of publisher and contributor and contributor and publisher many to many relationships. 

Book_Language:  database table for lookup of book and language and language and book many to many relationships.

Book_Publisher:  database table for lookup of book and publisher and publisher and book many to many relationships. 

role:  is contributor's role as an author (print and audio format) or narrator of the book (audio format)

Book_Genre:  database table for lookup of book and genre and genre and book many to many relationships.

Contributor_Genre: database table for lookup of contributor and genre and genre and contibutor many to many relationships.