This project will be based around a set of oral histories that Small Town Historical Society (STHS) recorded around 2004-2005. The collection consists of 46 interviews conducted with notable community leaders and residents of Small Town, ME. The interviews range from 30 minutes to 90 minutes each. The MP3 audio files of the interviews are stored on CD-Rs; each interview is a single disk. At the time the discs were created, interview metadata were not stored on the disks themselves. Transcripts of the interviews were written and stored as separated .doc files. These transcripts include some metadata (although not all the fields are completed for every interview)

Name of the interviewee
Name of the interviewer
Date of the interview 
Location of the interview 
Name of transcriber

Oral history release forms were completed and signed by interviewees and are saved in the collection’s accession file. They give permission for the STHS to make the content of interviews fully public and to share them electronically. 

In the years since the oral history project was first conducted, there was a lot of turnover and upheaval at STHS. None of the individuals who worked or volunteered on the project are still working at the organization. No one knows if master copies of the interviews with more metadata are saved on a hard drive somewhere. 

The current team at STHS would like to use the interview materials as the basis of an online exhibit. They want to do more than simply make the full audio tracks of each interview available (although they would like to do that too). They’d like to find ways of making the material more interactive and engaging for site users. They’d like to include more information about the interviewees on the site, including images and biographical information, which in some cases will involve getting back into contact with the interviewees or their family members. They’d like to divide the long undivided audio interviews into shorter tracks based on topic. If possible, they’d like to make it possible for users to search all the interviews by topic (such as “schools” or “education”) and jump directly to the portions of interviews discussing those topics. They’d also like for the website to include images from the greater STHS collection. 