M. Joseph Final Project - Discussion 
I started this project as a development of an online photo (image) exhibit. I created a comma separated variable file containg information regarding
photographers, photos, and groupings of photos as well as the URLs for where I stored the photos on line. I developed a data base from family member
photos and their attributes. I created a schema which evolved into the following tables:  Image to hold the attributes of the photos as well as a URL 
to the memory location of the photo.  Exhibit to hold the attributes of collections of photos and to allow for ultimate establishment of on exhibitions.
Photographer was the third table hold the photogrpher's first and last name as well as address.  Finally, I created a lookup table to tie together 
the Exhibit and Image tables.  I succeeded in creating each of the tables within PHPMyAdmin and moved on to creating a PHP parsing program to parse 
through the comma seperated variable file that I had created to act as a repostitory for the filling of the data base. I succeeded in creating code 
that parsed through the data and it is contained in parseexhibit.php.  I began coding my exhibit.php file as well as an .htaccess, database_config.php,
read_image_data.php, and show_image_data.php files.  

I succeeded with assistance from yourself in creating code that read the data from the CSV file into the SQL database that I had created earlier. 
My focus then went to the development of code to extract data from the SQL database, feed it to the PHP code and then create a web view of the data.
I have floundered again at this point and while when I test my SQL statements with the data in PHPMyAdmin, I have yet to get the coding correct to 
perform the remainder of the tasks.

During the course of this project, I had to lower the expectations for the database and I believe that at present it is more complicated than the 
class example which I stretch to comprehend.  SQL makes sense to me and I can puzzle out issues as need be.  The syntax of PHP throws me, seems to 
minimialistic at presentation for the powerful work it is doing.  
