#Discworld’s Disc-World AudioCDDB
#
#Author: Araminta Matthews
#Created for DIG540: 19 September, 2015
#
#Rationale and Background: 
#
#My favorite author, Sir Terry Pratchett, wrote 41 books in the Discworld Universe. While not largely adapted for cinema or video-game, these books have been recorded 
#into audiobooks in two categories (abridged or unabridged) by four readers (Stephen Briggs, Nigel Planer, Tony Robinson, or Celia Imrie). Additionally, the 41 books 
#in the series can be further categorized into character-plotlines, as there are “series within series,” including books featuring the protagonist constellations of: 
#Rincewind, Death, The Witches, The City Watch, The Wizards of Unseen University, Tiffany Aching, and Moist von Lipwig, with an additional possible category of the 
#pseudo-nonfiction books within the series (such as Nanny Ogg’s Cookbook or Mrs. Bradshaw’s Handbook) which have been adapted to audiobook format but do not have a 
#protagonist.  Almost every book in the collection has more than one audio version, each   recorded by more than one voice actor—thus, Stephen Briggs has narrated 
#almost every book, including those also narrated by Nigel Planer or Celia Imrie such that there are at least 2 versions of, say, Wyrd Sisters; and Tony Robinson tends 
#to narrate the abridged versions. 
#
#These audiobooks have also been released in multiple formats (a single audio book can span several discrete CD’s or a single MP3CD, or it can be located in the stream). 
#For the purposes of simplifying this database schema, I’m only going to catalogue the tangible discs (and ignore the streaming versions, as the stream introduces 
#complexities of track data that I’m not ready to unpack).  Also, because the same book (say, Hat Full of Sky) can have an abridged version, an unabridged version, 
#and even a paperback version (a whole different type of data that what I hope to capture in this database), I was less clear about how to handle ISBN’s, as each of those 
#three version types previously mentioned would have its own, unique ISBN. Thus, even though each disc/narrator combination represents the same book, it doesn’t represent 
#the same artifact. 
#
#I expect that listeners will want to be able to extract  at least the following types of data sets:
#1.	What book number the book appears in the overall series to determine if prior knowledge is a factor in the listening experience
#2.	What book number the book appears in the storyline serial to ensure continuity of the plot in the listening experience
#3.	What narrator read which book and if multiple narrators read the same title (in order to select a preference)
#4.	How many discs are associated with this title/data set/format/narrator
#5.	How long the relative audio-file is given different readers reading the same work (or to identify an abridgement). 
#
#
#Note: Database logic is not something that comes easy to me as it is counterintuitive to my learning style. As such, I have a lot of questions in this schema (noted in-text). I’m really not sure of how this works, if things are clustered logically, or how a look-up table works (that is, I can’t quite fathom why you would need one). I offer this primarily because I need to show you what I think I understand so that I can get feedback and intervention on what I suspect is a growing foundation of misunderstanding on my part. Thanks! 
Database Design: 

BOOKID: 	The data following this keyword should be a list of book-identification numbers. Because all 
the books in the Discworld series are by Terry Pratchett, there is no need to identify them by title. Each book, however, represents a unique entity. 
It is also important that this numerical identification is not the ISBN as, depending on the format, the audio file may have different ISBN’s assigned to 
different versions of the same entity. The purpose of this table is to identify the specific book title. Other tables will isolate distinguishing features 
of the version of said title. 

BTITLE:  	The data following this keyword should be the book title (1 of 41 possible titles) of the book itself. 

BYEAR:		The data following this keyword represents the year in which the book was originally written. In most cases, this data will differ than the 
year in which the corresponding audio files were created.  Because this series of books is known for being “Unnumbered,” this information may be important 
to extrapolate a potential “listening” order of the books. 

STORYID: 	The data following this keyword will be an identification number that  categorizes which of the 8 possible protagonist-constellations or storylines 
present in Discworld. Each storyline represents its own possible listening order. 

STORYLINE-THEME: The data following this keyword will identify the textual label of the story theme, as this will vary by book and/or disc. These include 
Rincewind, Death, The Witches, The City Watch, The Wizards of Unseen University, Tiffany Aching, Moist von Lipwig, and pseudo-nonfiction. 

STORYN:  	The data following this keyword will identify the number associated with the potential 
listening order of this particular story in the storyline. That is, Discworld has an overarching reading-order (1-41) 
and a storyline reading order in which each of the 8 unique storylines has a consequent serial. This number will identify where the story falls in the sub-serial
 listening order. (**John: I’m less certain this data is in the right table. Any feedback? Thanks)

STORYV [N]: The data following this keyword will distinguish the number of distinct character voices read by the narrator (that is, 
how many voices are “acted” by the narrator for this particular storyline?)

FORMATID:  The data following this keyword determines whether the book is an MP3CD or an Audio CD. 
	This is relevant because it affects the number of possible discs and tracks in the particular 
	audio-file. 

FLENGTH:	 The data following this keyword will identify the length associated with the audio-file. 
Because different readers read at different speeds, and because this database includes abridged and unabridged versions of 
audio-files, this data will indicate the associated length of the format for this particular audio file (**John, please note 
I’m also not sure this is in the right place. It may make sense to extrapolate this data just from disc length-total (where some books 
will have multiple discs). It may make sense to associate this with the disc itself? Or perhaps the narrator? I’m struggling with this one, 
but the data is important. Feedback welcome). 

DISCID:  	The data following this keyword represents a comma-separaterd list of unique disc 
identification numbers. Some books in this audio-file series will have multiple discs associated with them and others will have only 1. 
This data is meant to capture the discid of the whole, unique audio-work, as the subsequent data field will capture which disc-number 
is associated with the particular file. 

DISCN: 	The data following this field represents the number of discs associated with the file (MP3 discs 
	will only have N=1 in this field; whereas AudioCD’s will have N=[1 to 12] in this field). 

DYEAR: 	The data following this field represents the year the disc/audio-file was published. 

DPUB:	The data following this field will represent the publisher of the audio-file (which will likely 
	differ from the publisher of the original text-work). 

DNARRATOR:  The data following this keyword will be the name of the narrator associated with the 
particular disc/version of the title. (**Note, John: I’m less certain this should be in this table. Each unique disc 
might have a narrator or different versions of the same title, but never more than one narrator per disc. Thoughts? 
To normalize, I took this out of the table in my graphic depiction of the database since each disc will have a one-to-one 
relationship to the narrator) 

DLENGTH:  The data following this keyword would be the length of the disc (where total length of the 
	audiofile could be queried by adding up DLENGTH for multi-disc files). 

NARRATORID:   The data following this keyword represents the numerical identification of the audio-
	narrator of the disc. 

NNAME:  The data following this keyword represents the name of the narrator.

NHOME:  The data following this keyword represents the home-region of the narrator (which may be 
	significant to listeners who are interested in certain dialectical tonality in audiofiles). 

NGEND: 	The data following this keyword identifies the gender identity of the narrator (which may be 
	significant to listeners who prefer a feminine or masculine voice). 

#??(John, I did not include this in my example, but each narrator of each of the books has a prolific filmography which 
#may or may not interest listeners. Is there a way to link databases? That is, could there be an ID in this table that connects the unique narrator with his or her 
#filmography file on the Internet Movie Database? How would something like that work?) 
