M. Joseph Final Project - Discussion 

I started this project as a development of an online photo (image) exhibit. I created a comma separated variable file containg information regarding
photographers, photos, and groupings of photos as well as the URLs for where I stored the photos on line. I developed a data base from family member
photos and their attributes. I created a schema which evolved into the following tables:  Image to hold the attributes of the photos as well as a URL 
to the memory location of the photo.  Exhibit to hold the attributes of collections of photos and to allow for ultimate establishment of on exhibitions.
Photographer was the third table hold the photogrpher's first and last name as well as address.  Finally, I created a lookup table to tie together 
the Exhibit and Image tables.  I succeeded in creating each of the tables within PHPMyAdmin and moved on to creating a PHP parsing program to parse 
through the comma seperated variable file that I had created to act as a repostitory for the filling of the data base. I succeeded in creating code 
that parsed through the data and it is contained in parseexhibit.php.  I began coding my exhibit.php file as well as an .htaccess, database_config.php,
read_image_data.php, and show_image_data.php files.  

I succeeded with assistance from yourself in creating code that read the data from the CSV file into the SQL database that I had created earlier. 
My focus then went to the development of code to extract data from the SQL database, feed it to the PHP code and then create a web view of the data.
I have floundered again at this point and while when I test my SQL statements with the data in PHPMyAdmin the SQL statements work, I have yet to get 
the coding correct to perform the remainder of the tasks. 

During the course of this project, I spent some time trying to lower the expectations for the database and I believe that at present it is more 
complicated than the class example which I stretch to comprehend.  SQL makes sense to me and I can puzzle out issues as need be.  The syntax of PHP 
throws me, seems to minimialistic at presentation for the powerful work it is doing. My website for viewing my programming is:  
https://dig540mikejoseph.org/album_data/.  I have included my SQL structure and data in a file labeled localhose_digmikej_Images.sql.  

I started another approach to this project, that is decreasing my number of tables in SQL to three and more approximating the examples provided in the class.
I have redone the tables and have moved to attempting to reuse the example code for creating the code needed for this revised set of tables and attributes.
Will submit tomorrow my efforts in that regard, but gave some more effort to this original project design today and became somewhat frustrated. 

Ideally, I would have had code that would have read an CSV files data into a prepared SQL database tables, extracted the data from the database view queries 
and displayed the results on a webpage with the ability to search for specific photo (or image) informaion as well as the actual photo (or image) and display
both on the same page.     
